README.md, before:

# Work Day Scheduler
Third-Party APIs.

This Work Day Scheduler Calendar allows the user to save events for each hour of the day to manage time effectively. The current day and hour is displayed at the top of the calendar and each timeblock of the calendar is coloured to indicate wheter it is in the past, present or future.

## Built with

- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- JQuery
- Day.js

## Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with timeblocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the timeblocks for that day
THEN each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a timeblock
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that timeblock
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist
```
## Final Result

![A user clicks on slots on the color-coded calendar and edits the events.](./Assets/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Link to Work Scheduler Calendar


## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Mentions
This calendar was built with the help of

Commit message:

added Work Scheduler Calendar Link to Readme file

README.md, after:

# Work Day Scheduler
Third-Party APIs.

This Work Day Scheduler Calendar allows the user to save events for each hour of the day to manage time effectively. The current day and hour is displayed at the top of the calendar and each timeblock of the calendar is coloured to indicate wheter it is in the past, present or future.

## Built with

- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- JQuery
- Day.js

## Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with timeblocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the timeblocks for that day
THEN each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a timeblock
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that timeblock
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist
```
## Final Result

![A user clicks on slots on the color-coded calendar and edits the events.](./Assets/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Link to Work Scheduler Calendar

[Work Scheduler Calendar](https://cdrcar.github.io/challenge05-Work-Day-Scheduler/)


## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Mentions
This calendar was built with the help of Daniel from AskBCS.
